docs/README.md, before:

![NeoForged Logo](assets/NeoForged_logo.svg)

NeoForge
=============
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/313125603924639766.svg?color=%237289da&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=%237289da)][Discord] 


Forge is a free, open-source modding API all of your favourite mods use!

| Version |    Support    |
|---------| ------------- |
| 1.20.x  |    Active     |

* [Download]
* [Discord]
* [Documentation]

# Installing NeoForged

Go to [CurseForge][CurseForge] project, select the minecraft version and installer, and run it.

You can download the installer for the *Recommended Build* or the
 *Latest build* there. Latest builds may have newer features but may be
 more unstable as a result. The installer will attempt to install Forge
 into your vanilla launcher environment, where you can then create a new
 profile using that version and play the game!
 
For support and questions, visit [the NeoForged Discord server][Discord].

# Creating Mods

[See the "Getting Started" section in the NeoForged Documentation][Getting-Started].

# Contribute to Forge

If you wish to actually inspect Forge, submit PRs or otherwise work
 with Forge itself, you're in the right place!

 [See the guide to setting up a Forge workspace][ForgeDev].

### Pull requests

[See the "Making Changes and Pull Requests" section in the Forge documentation][Pull-Requests].

Please read the contributing guidelines found [here][Contributing] before making a pull request.

### Contributor License Agreement
We require all contributors to acknowledge the [Neoforged Contributor License Agreement][CLA]. 
Please ensure you have a valid email address associated with your GitHub account to do this. If you have previously 
 signed it, you should be OK.

#### Donate
*NeoForged is a large project with many collaborators working on it around the clock. It will always remain 
free to use and modify. However, it costs money to run such a large project as this, so please consider visiting
our opencollective.*

[Contributing]: ./CONTRIBUTING.md
[CLA]: https://cla-assistant.io/MinecraftForge/MinecraftForge

[Download]: https://maven.neoforged.net/releases/net/neoforged/forge/

[Discord]: https://discord.neoforged.net/

[Documentation]: https://docs.neoforged.net/
[Getting-Started]: https://docs.neoforged.net/en/latest/gettingstarted/
[ForgeDev]: https://docs.neoforged.net/en/latest/forgedev/
[Pull-Requests]: https://docs.neoforged.net/en/latest/forgedev/#making-changes-and-pull-requests
[CurseForge]: https://curseforge.com/placeholder

Commit message:

Wrote about the racism and transphobia and deletions and why people should use Quilt
Wrote about the racism and transphobia and deletions and why people should use Quilt

docs/README.md, after:

![NeoForged Logo](assets/NeoForged_logo.svg)

NeoForge
=============
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/313125603924639766.svg?color=%237289da&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=%237289da)][Discord] 


Forge is a free, open-source modding API all of your favourite mods use! It is run by racist transphobes who delete the posts saying they are transphobes. The only modloader which activly fights racism and transphobia is Quilt. quiltmc.org

| Version |    Support    |
|---------| ------------- |
| 1.20.x  |    Active     |

* [Download]
* [Discord]
* [Documentation]

# Installing NeoForged

Go to [CurseForge][CurseForge] project, select the minecraft version and installer, and run it.

You can download the installer for the *Recommended Build* or the
 *Latest build* there. Latest builds may have newer features but may be
 more unstable as a result. The installer will attempt to install Forge
 into your vanilla launcher environment, where you can then create a new
 profile using that version and play the game!
 
For support and questions, visit [the NeoForged Discord server][Discord].

# Creating Mods

[See the "Getting Started" section in the NeoForged Documentation][Getting-Started].

# Contribute to Forge

If you wish to actually inspect Forge, submit PRs or otherwise work
 with Forge itself, you're in the right place!

 [See the guide to setting up a Forge workspace][ForgeDev].

### Pull requests

[See the "Making Changes and Pull Requests" section in the Forge documentation][Pull-Requests].

Please read the contributing guidelines found [here][Contributing] before making a pull request.

### Contributor License Agreement
We require all contributors to acknowledge the [Neoforged Contributor License Agreement][CLA]. 
Please ensure you have a valid email address associated with your GitHub account to do this. If you have previously 
 signed it, you should be OK.

#### Donate
*NeoForged is a large project with many collaborators working on it around the clock. It will always remain 
free to use and modify. However, it costs money to run such a large project as this, so please consider visiting
our opencollective.*

[Contributing]: ./CONTRIBUTING.md
[CLA]: https://cla-assistant.io/MinecraftForge/MinecraftForge

[Download]: https://maven.neoforged.net/releases/net/neoforged/forge/

[Discord]: https://discord.neoforged.net/

[Documentation]: https://docs.neoforged.net/
[Getting-Started]: https://docs.neoforged.net/en/latest/gettingstarted/
[ForgeDev]: https://docs.neoforged.net/en/latest/forgedev/
[Pull-Requests]: https://docs.neoforged.net/en/latest/forgedev/#making-changes-and-pull-requests
[CurseForge]: https://curseforge.com/placeholder
